Jaden: ARE YOU GUYS SURE
THIS IS THE WAY BACK
TO DUEL ACADEMY?
Jim: OF COURSE!
AXEL, THOSE
HOMING BEACONS
ARE STILL
WORKING RIGHT?
YEAH, SIGNALS
STILL STRONG!
HOW 'BOUT
THE FIRST AID?
IT'S ALL SAFE
AND SOUND!
(THINKING)
YOU'RE GONNA BE OKAY, BLAIR.
JUST HANG IN THERE!
Axel: WE SHOULD BE CLOSING IN
ON THE NEXT BEACON, GUYS...
Jim: IT'S OVER HERE!
EXACTLY WHERE
I LEFT YOU.
AND THIS ONE MAKES FIVE.
AND THAT MEANS WE'RE
HALF WAY HOME,
SO EASIN' UP
ISN'T AN OPTION.
THAT'S RIGHT.
WE GOTTA HUSTLE IT UP!
YOU GUYS READY?
YOU BET!
-LOOK!
-HMM?
HOW LONG YOU THINK
HE'S BEEN THERE?
AND HOW LONG 'TIL WE
END UP JUST LIKE HIM?
WE'VE GOTTA FIND A WAY
BACK TO OUR DIMENSION!
YEAH, BUT RIGHT NOW...
WE HAVE TO STAY FOCUSED
AND GET THESE MEDS
BACK FOR BLAIR.
YOU SAID IT, JESSE!
THERE'S NO TIME
TO LOSE GUYS!
-RIGHT!
NOW WHICH WAY
IS HOME?
♪
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE
GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪♪
♪
I'M JUST GOING TO CLEAN
YOUR WOUND, BLAIR.
(THINKING)
THIS ISN'T
GOOD AT ALL.
HER FEVER
KEEPS SPIKING
AND THE INFECTION SEEMS
TO BE GETTING WORSE.
I HOPE THEY FIND THE
MEDICINE SHE NEEDS.
♪
LISTEN, GUYS...
SUMMON A MONSTER ONLY
AS A LAST RESORT.
YOUR BIOBANDS ARE
STILL DRAINING ENERGY,
SO DUEL WISELY,
AND WHEN YOU DO DRAW...
MAKE IT COUNT.
-HMM.
HEY, HASSLEBERRY,
SYRUS, SEE ANYTHING?
THAT'S A BIG
NEGATIVE. OVER.
ME TOO. I DON'T SEE
ANYTHING OUT THERE EITHER.
GOOD THING, 'CAUSE
I THOUGHT I WAS STUCK
IN THERE FOR A SECOND.
PHEW!
HEY, UH, YOU SAID BASTION
WAS GONNA COME OVER
TO RELIEVE ME
IN TEN MINUTES.
THAT WAS, LIKE,
ALMOST THREE HOURS AGO.
Alexis: SORRY
ABOUT THAT,
BUT HE DOESN'T HAVE
A DECK OR A DUEL DISK,
AND THE LAST TIME
HE WAS ATTACKED
HE DIDN'T FAIR TOO
WELL WITHOUT THEM.
SO HE FELT HE COULD
BEST HELP US IF HE USED
THAT BRAIN OF HIS TO TRY
AND FIGURE OUT A WAY
TO GET US OUT OF THIS
DIMENSION AND BACK HOME.
DIMENSIONAL TRAVEL
IS REVERSIBLE.
SO WE APPLY OPPENHELM'S
ALGORITHMIC QUANTIFICATIONS
TO THE ORIGINAL FORMULA.
THEREFORE, WE MUST
NOW FIND A WAY
AROUND THE STRING-THEORY
DIFFERENTIAL.
(CRUNCH)
♪
HEY. HOW COME YOUR
ROLL'S BIGGER THAN MINE?
DUDE, WHAT'S
IT MATTER, MAN?
EASY NOW.
EACH ROLL IS
THE SAME SIZE.
NO WAY! HIS ROLL IS WAY
BIGGER THAN THE ONE I GOT!
NOW GIMME THAT ROLL!
LISTEN ALL THE
ROLLS ARE THE SAME
SO JUST MAKE LIKE A
BAD HABIT AND DROP IT!
IF THEY'RE ALL
THE SAME SIZE,
YOU SHOULDN'T CARE
IF WE SWAP.
FORK IT OVER!
FORGET IT!
NOW GET OUTTA
MY FACE!
BE QUIE-E-ET!
YOU WANT OUT OF
HERE OR NOT?!
I CAN'T CONCENTRATE
WITH YOUR BICKERING!
TAKE THIS, AND BE HAPPY.
WHY DON'T YOU STUFF YOUR
MOUTHS SO FULL YOU CAN'T TALK!
NOW WHERE WAS I?
(RECORD SCRATCH)
YOUR HALF'S BIGGER!
(CHEWING)
THERE'S A NEW SHERIFF
IN TOWN, BOYS.
ANYONE TRIES TO STEAL FOOD
FROM THE STORAGE FACILITY,
THEY'LL HAVE TO GO
THROUGH A WALL OF CHAZZ.
UH, CHAZZ, WOULD YOU MIND IF
WE JUST HAD JUST ONE BITE?
WE'RE SO HUNGRY!
I'M STARVIN'!
AND I'M RUNNIN'
ON EMPTY!
(STOMACHS GROWLING)
NOT A CHANCE!
FIRST OF ALL, BEGGING
IS SO SLIFER RED!
AND SECOND, SPIRITS
DON'T GET HUNGRY.
WE'RE NOT
SPIRITS ANYMORE!
LET US EACH HAVE A TINY
BITE OF YOUR BREAD.
YEAH AND IN
EXCHANGE,
YOU CAN EAT
OJAMA GREEN.
-ZOINKS!
-EAT HIM?!
I WOULDN'T EAT HIM
IF HE WAS THE LAST OJAMA
IN THIS WORLD
OR THE REAL WORLD!
NOW SCRAM BEFORE
I CHANGE MY MIND
AND SERVE THE
THREE OF YOU
UP TO SOME FIRST YEARS!
(SIGHS)
SHEPPARD'S GOING
TO BE FURIOUS!
MAYBE IT'S BETTER IF
WE NEVER GET BACK.
WOULD YOU STOP
COMMISERATING
WITH YOURSELF!
WE NEED TO PUT OUR
HEADS TOGETHER.
BUT HE'LL FIRE
US FOR SURE...
AND THERE'LL BE NO
MORE SUMMERS OFF,
NO MORE ESPRESSO BREAKS
IN THE TEACHER'S LOUNGE
AND NO MORE
SURPRISE QUIZZES.
OH WHAT SHALL I DO?
STRIKING FEAR
INTO THOSE STUDENTS
IS THE ONLY THING
I'M GOOD AT ANYMORE!
-ENOUGH!
-AAH!
WE CAN DESPAIR
LATER ON.
BUT RIGHT NOW WE MUST
FOCUS ON FINDING MARCEL!
WHAT FOR?
UH. OH, UMM, FORGET
I SAID THAT.
HMM.
♪
Marcel: NO ONE
UNDERSTANDS
(THINKING)
HOW LONELY I AM.
IT'S...IT'S LIKE I DON'T
EVEN EXIST TO MOST PEOPLE.
♪
I DON'T HAVE
ANY FRIENDS.
(CHUCKLING)
THAT'S NOT TRUE,
MARCEL.
I MEAN,
WHAT ABOUT ME?
♪
I'M YOUR BEST FRIEND.
AND NOW IT'S TIME WE
GO MAKE MORE FRIENDS!
♪
NO WAY!
YOU'RE GRIPING ABOUT THE
SIZE OF BREAD PORTIONS...
AND YOU'VE
GOT CHOCOLATE!?
I HAD THIS
BEFORE WE CAME HERE!
IT'S MINE!
BUT, HEY, IF YOU
WANT IT SO BAD,
COME AND TAKE IT.
YEAH, YOU KNOW WHAT,
I THINK I'LL DO THAT!
HOW ABOUT WE
DUEL FOR IT!?
YOU'RE ON!
EXCUSE ME...WHY DON'T
YOU DUEL ME INSTEAD?
MARCEL?
WHERE DID
YOUR ACCENT GO?
WHY SHOULD
WE DUEL YOU?
FOR THIS.
(GULPS)
(MANIACAL CHUCKLE)
-WHOA!
♪
(THINKING)
IT'S TIME TO
START ASSEMBLING
MY LEGION
OF DUEL SOLDIERS.
♪
NOW RISE,
MY FRIENDS.
IT'S TIME TO GATHER UP
MORE RECRUITS.
♪
(DOOR OPENS)
HUH?
DUEL ME.
HEY, CHAZZ.
LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE
CAME TO VISIT YOU.
DUEL, DUEL.
HEY, BUDDY.
THIS AREA IS
OFF LIMITS!
SO YOU BETTER
GET A MOVE ON!
UHH.
-DUEL ME...
-DUEL YOU?
YOU MEAN YOU CAME
ALL THE WAY DOWN HERE
JUST TO GET
BEAT BY ME?
HEY, BOSS.
I BET YOU HE SAYS IF HE
WINS HE GETS ALL THE FOOD!
DON'T LET 'EM WIN,
WE'RE STARVIN!
THIS GUYS NUTS IF HE THINKS
WINNING'S ON THE MENU!
YOU'RE ABOUT
TO GET SERVED!
BUT INSTEAD OF FOOD,
GET READY TO CHEW
ON A WORLD O' HURT.
GAME ON!
GAAME OOON.
LET'S DO THIS!
♪
ME DRAWING.
WANNA GO FIRST?
THEN GO!
♪
(MOANS)
GRR!
HA. HE FALL OFF
THE UGLY TREE?
♪ YOU'RE SO UGLY,
SO VERY, VERY UGLY ♪♪
UGLY? LOOK
WHO'S TALKING!
A BALL OF NOSE SNOT,
EAR SNOT, AND EYE SNOT!
EYE SNOT?
WHO'S NOSE SNOT?
'SNOT ME!
♪
WHAT'S UP?
YOU DON'T SAY
MUCH DO YOU?
GOOD THING!
'CAUSE THE CHAZZ
DON'T LIKE
TO MINCE WORDS!
IT'S MY TURN.
I DRAW!
(THINKING)
PERFECT, JUST
THE CARD I WANTED.
I'LL BE BACK TO CATCHING
SOME ZZZ'S IN NO TIME.
I ACTIVATE TRIBUTE
TO THE DOOMED!
NOW BY DISCARDING
ONE CARD FROM MY HAND,
I CAN DESTROY ONE
MONSTER ON YOUR FIELD.
GRR!
(EXPLODES)
NEXT UP, I PLAY THE
PREMATURE BURIAL SPELL.
BY PAYING 800
LIFE POINTS,
I'M ALLOWED TO
SUMMON THE MONSTER
I JUST SENT
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
INFERNAL INCINERATOR!
AND NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
THE MEGAMORPH EQUIP SPELL!
WITH THIS, IF MY LIFE
POINTS ARE LESS
THAN MY OPPONENT'S,
THEN THIS CARD DOUBLES
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF THE EQUIPPED MONSTER.
INFERNAL INCINERATOR,
LET'S SERVE THIS GUY
SOMETHING HOT
AND SPICY!
(GROWLS)
♪
(LAUGHING)
YOU KNOW WHAT JUST
HAPPENED, DON'T YOU?
YOU, MY SORRY FRIEND,
GOT CHAZZERSIZED!
DON'T FEEL
TOO BAD, MAN.
I AM THE GX CHAMPION.
(ALARM PINGS)
UH-OH! UNH!
YOU OKAY?!
Students:
DUEL ME, DUEL ME...
-LOOK!
-I AM LOOKING.
LOOKS LIKE MUMBLES
HAS SOME PALS!
Ojama Yellow: UH,
BOSS, YOU MIGHT WANT
TO GIVE 'EM
SOME FOOD NOW!
DUEL ME NOW!
DUEL ME!
WHY ARE THEY MESSING
WITH THE CHAZZ?
BECAUSE
THEY'RE HUNGRY!
I REALLY THINK YOU SHOULD
GIVE 'EM SOME FOOD.
HA! THE ONLY THING
ON THE MENU TODAY
IS A ONE-POUND,
WELL-DONE BUTT-KICKING.
COME GET SOME!
OH ME!
OH MY!
OH NO!
HOW DO YA' LIKE...
THEM APPLES?
YOU JUST...GOT...
CHAZZER...
(ALARM PINGS)
FEEL...
ENERGY...
OH, BOY...
THEY'RE BACK!
IT'S NIGHT OF THE
LIVING DUELISTS!
PART TWO.
NOW WHAT CHAZZ?
WAIT A SECOND...
I JUST NEED A TIMEOUT,
AND THEN I'LL...UNH!
Ojama Black:
THEY'RE COMING
FOR YOU, CHAZZ!
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU SHOULD REALLY
GIVE 'EM SOME FOOD.
PUH-LEASE.
DUEL ME.
BACK OFF, GUYS!
LOOK, EVERYONE'LL
GET A TURN.
OKAY, FINE, ONE LOAF
O' BREAD EACH.
IS THAT FAIR?
AAH!
WITH EACH DUEL,
MY ARMY GROWS,
AND SOON JADEN
WILL SUFFER,
AND I'LL GET
MY JUST REWARDS.
HA HA HA!
♪
HEY, LOOK, WE'RE
ALMOST BACK!
SO LET'S KEEP MOVIN'.
BLAIR'S WAITIN'!
RIGHT!
(CHIRPS)
WHAT'S UP,
WINGED KURIBOH?
GUYS, LOOK!
(GROWLS)
WHAT IS
THAT THING?
Jesse:
THAT'S SAND MOTH!
Adrian: AND HE'S HEADED
TOWARDS DUEL ACADEMY!
I'M ON IT!
♪
GO, BLAZE ACCELERATOR!
FIRE! VOLCANIC SHELL!
♪
(GROANS)
HEAD TO THE SCHOOL!
♪
Jaden: UH-OH, GUYS,
IT'S GOT A TWIN!
I'LL HANDLE THESE MOTHS!
NOW MOVE!
YOU GOT IT!
Jaden: BOY, I'VE HEARD
THE EXPRESSION "TAKE
ONE FOR THE TEAM,"
BUT THIS IS LIKE
4 OR 5 FOR AXEL!
IT'S AWFULLY
QUIET ROUND HERE.
WHERE IS EVERYBODY?
I THOUGHT THERE
WOULD'VE BEEN SOMEONE
GUARDING
THE ENTRANCE.
SOMETHING'S NOT RIGHT!
HELLO. ANYBODY IN HERE?
ALEXIS,
HASSLEBERRY,
SYRUS?
♪
Jim: LOOK,
THERE'S SOMEBODY.
HUH?
WE'VE GOT
SOME QUESTIONS?!
HEY, WHERE'D
EVERYBODY GO?
DUEL ME.
SAY WHAT?!
LOOK, TO YOUR
RIGHT, JAY!
DUEL ME.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
I'M NOT SURE.
BUT THEY'RE ACTING
LIKE ZOMBIES!?
ZOMBIES?
THAT STUFF ONLY
HAPPENS IN THE MOVIES.
YEAH, THEY JUST
WANT TO DUEL...
REAL BAD.
-DUEL ME.
(THINKING)
THIS MUST BE HIS DOING.
MUST DUEL...
NEED TO DUEL...
STILL DON'T BELIEVE
THEY'RE ZOMBIES?
I'M STILL NOT
SOLD ON IT!
BUT LET'S NOT STICK
AROUND TO FIND OUT!
AGREED. NOW LET'S GET
TO THE NURSE'S OFFICE
AND HELP BLAIR!
YOU'RE RIGHT.
JADEN, LET'S
GET A MOVE ON!
ALRIGHT!
-DUEL ME.
Jim: QUESTION...
HOW WE S'POSED TO GET
PAST THESE BLOKES?
I'LL TELL YOU HOW!
YA, GET YOUR GAME ON!
Alexis: JADEN, NO!!
HUH?
DON'T DUEL THEM!
HERE COMES
THE CAVALRY!
HEY, WHERE
YOU GUYS BEEN?
EXPLAIN LATER!
RUN NOW!
(GROANING)
WHY SHOULDN'T
WE DUEL 'EM?
I COULD'VE
TAKEN 'EM DOWN?
YOU'LL THANK US, SARGE!
WE GOTTA GET
SOMEWHERE SAFE.
WHERE'S SYRUS?
JUST RUN, JADEN!
♪
THIS SEEMS LIKE
A GOOD PLACE TO REGROUP.
♪
(CHIRPS)
ALRIGHT, ALEXIS,
WHAT'S GOING ON?
Jim: WHY'S HALF THE SCHOOL
MOANIN' AND GROANIN'?
WELL, YA SEE...
WE DON'T REALLY KNOW
THE WHY, EXACTLY,
WE JUST KNOW THE WHEN.
WHILE YOU BOYS WERE
ON YOUR MISSION,
IT STARTED
HAPPENIN'.
FIRST, IT WAS JUST
A HANDFUL A' KIDS
ACTING ALL STRANGE.
AND SOON, THAT NUMBER
BEGAN TO MULTIPLY.
IT'S LIKE THIS...
WHENEVER THEY FIND SOMEONE
WHO'S NOT LIKE THEM,
THEY CHALLENGE
'EM TO A DUEL.
(GROANING)
THING IS, THOUGH, THEY
KEEP COMING AND COMING.
AS SOON AS
THEY'RE DEFEATED,
THEY GET RIGHT BACK UP
AND START TO DUEL
WITHOUT ANY REST.
AND SINCE THE BIOBANDS
ARE STILL WORKING,
EVENTUALLY YOU...
YOU DROP AND...
YOU BECOME ONE OF THEM.
♪
SERIOUSLY!?
SO THOSE STUDENTS ARE LIKE
A BUNCH OF DUEL GHOULS!
WHAT DO WE DO?
IS THERE A WAY TO
BEAT THESE THINGS?
THERE MUST BE A WAY!
MAYBE IF WE FIND
THE SOURCE
OF WHAT'S MAKIN'
'EM ACT WEIRD,
WE'LL FIND
A WAY TO STOP 'EM.
(THINKING)
IT HAS TO BE HIM.
HE'D STOP AT NOTHING
TO GET EVEN WITH JADEN.
♪
(EVIL LAUGH)
Alexis: SO UNTIL WE FIGURE
OUT A WAY TO STOP THEM,
THE GYM AND SHEPPARD'S
OFFICE ARE THE SAFEST AREAS.
MOST OF THE STUDENTS
HAVEN'T BECOME INFECTED
ARE THERE.
BOTH PLACES ARE
BOARDED UP TIGHT.
SO, UH, IS SYRUS
AT THE GYM?
WELL...
WE GOT SEPARATED.
WE'RE NOT, REALLY SURE WHAT
HAPPENED TO THE LIL' GUY,
IT'S LIKE HE WENT AWOL.
I'M SURE HE'S FINE.
YOU KNOW HIM,
HE'S PROBABLY HIDING
IN A LOCKER SOMEWHERE.
YEAH. HE DOES THAT.
HOPE HE'S SAFE!
HE WILL BE!
NOW WHAT ABOUT
GETTIN' TO BLAIR!
WE NEED TO
FIND OUR WAY
TO THE NURSE'S
OFFICE PRONTO!
(GROANING)
♪
THIS IS
MISS FONTAINE.
ANYONE, PLEASE!
RESPOND IF YOU
CAN HEAR ME!
♪
-MUST DUEL.
DUEEELLL.
(BLAIR MOANING)
♪
PLEASE HANG ON!
(BANG ON DOOR)
DUEL!
MUST DUEL NOW!
♪
(THINKING)
I CAN'T HOLD
THIS MUCH LONGER.
SOMEONE PLEASE HURRY.
♪
READY, JESSE?
IT'S TIME WE MAKE OUR
WAY TO MISS FONTAINE!
YOU GOT IT!
NOW LET'S DO
THIS, PARTNER!
Alexis: JADEN,
IT'S NOT SAFE!
Axel: HOLD UP!
YOU GUYS WOULD BE
TOTAL FOOLS
TO GO CHARGING IN
WITHOUT A PLAN.
FINE THEN.
IF YOU'VE GOT ONE,
THEN WHY DON'T YOU
START TALKING, AXEL?
(STUDENT SCREAMS)
♪
(MOANS)
THEY GOT
ANOTHER ONE.
YEP!
DUEL ME...
JA-A-ADE-E-EN...
HUH?
JA-A-A-ADEN,
DUE-EL...
DU-E-E-EL MEEE...
THAT VOICE
SOUNDS FAMILIAR!
(LAUGHING)
THEY GOT CHAZZ?
DUEL ME, JADEN...
THAT'S RIGHT.
DUEL HIM, JADEN.
DUEL HIM NOW.
OR YOU'LL HAVE
TO DUEL US!
(GROANING)
NOT YOU GUYS TOO!
IT'S A ZOMBIE
TRIPLE FEATURE!
JADEN...
CHAZZ WANT DUEL.
MUST GET REVENGE AND MAKE
PAY FOR PAIN YOU CAUSED.
JOIN US NOW, JADEN,
WHILE YOU CAN STILL
HAVE A CHOICE!
CHAZZ, YOU'RE
A DUEL GHOUL!?
DUEL ME.
ENOUGH STANDIN'
AROUND!
IT'S TIME SOMEBODY
DID SOMETHING!!
WHERE'S HE
GOIN'?!
HEY COME BACK!
OUTTA MY WAY, YOU
BUNCH A SLEEP WALKERS
UNLESS YOU WANT A RIDE
ON THE HASSLEBERRY EXPRESS!
CHAZZ WANT DU-EL!
AAH!
GUYS, THIS WAY'S CLEAR!
HUH?
LET'S GO!
COME ON, HASSLEBERRY.
SORRY, CHAZZ!
AAH! UNH!
DUEL!
♪
GOOD JOB, AXEL.
IT'S LIKE DEJA VU!
I MIGHTA' MADE
'EM ANGRY.
(STUDENTS GROANING)
JADEN, DUEL ME.
YOU MUST PAY
FOR WHAT YOU DID.
(MECHANICAL WHIRRING)
♪
SO, UH, THAT WASN'T QUITE
WHAT I HAD IN MIND.
ARE WE TRAPPED HERE?
(SYRUS CRYING)
WHERE YOU GUYS BEEN?
YOU'RE OKAY!
I KNEW YOU WOULD BE!
(CHIRP)
-SYRUS!
-HEY, SY!
GOOD TO SEE YA'!
GO AWAY, GUYS.
I DON'T WANT YOU TO
SEE ME LIKE THIS.
(SOBBING)
TO SEE YOU LIKE
WHAT, BUDDY?
WE'VE ALL SEEN
YOU CRY BEFORE.
I GOT SCARED AND HID
IN MY FAVORITE LOCKER...
BUT I'M GLAD
YOU'RE HERE NOW.
VERY GLAD.
GET GAME ON,
JADEN.
SYRUS!!
NOT YOU TOO!
THEY GOT HIM!
(CHIRPS)
(GROANS)
DUEL.
HUH?
♪ DUEL ♪
-♪ DUEL ♪
Together: ♪ MEEE ♪
OH, GREAT!
WHO KNEW THEY
COULD SING?!
AT LEAST
THE DOOR'S SECURE!
NO ESCAPE, JADEN.
Jesse: I THINK WE'RE
SURROUNDED GUYS!
Hassleberry:
GOT ANY GARLIC?
Jim: THEY'RE NOT
VAMPIRES, MATE!
(EVIL LAUGH)
DUEL ME.
JADEN, YOU WILL PAY.
(THINKING)
PAY? FOR WHAT?
WHY DOES MY BEST FRIEND
WANT TO DUEL ME?
Chazz: THERE'S
NOWHERE TO RUN.
(EVIL LAUGH)
(CHUCKLE)
THERE'S NO CHOICE!
DON'T DO IT!
BUT, SARGE!
SWEET! GAME ON!
I DRAW!
MAKE IT COUNT.
I PLAY POLYMERIZATION!
AND WITH IT I FUSE
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN
AND ELEMENTAL HERO
BURSTINATRIX
TO FORM...
ELEMENTAL HERO
FLAME WINGMAN!
NOW WHAT?
HOPE YOU KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE DOIN'!
I HOPE SO, TOO!
UH-OH.
(GROANING)
NOW, FLAME WINGMAN,
TAKE OUT THE
WALL BEHIND US!
♪
-DUCK!
-FIRE IN THE HOLE!
♪
JADEN.
(GROANS)
(MOANS)
♪
DUEL?
CHAZZ AND SYRUS.
HOW COULD WE JUST
LEAVE 'EM BEHIND?
WE'LL GET 'EM BACK!
JUST YOU WAIT
AND SEE!
-OHH.
-WHAT'S UP?
-HASSLEBERRY.
-HUH?
HOLD THIS,
WOULD YA'?
LISTEN, GUYS.
YOU'VE GOTTA GET
TO THE GYM.
♪
AND YOU?
WHERE ARE GOING?
I'M GOING TO THE
NURSE'S OFFICE
BY MYSELF.
WE STILL GOTTA
GET BLAIR
AND MISS FONTAINE
THIS MEDICINE.
Axel: WAIT!
NOW THINK FOR A SECOND.
THEY'RE BOTH ON THE OTHER
SIDE OF THE BUILDING.
YOU'LL NEVER MAKE IT.
THERE'S TOO MANY
OF THOSE GHOULS
BETWEEN HERE AND THERE!
HE'S RIGHT.
PLUS HOW DO WE KNOW THEY
AREN'T ALREADY ONE OF 'EM?
THEY MIGHT,
THEY MIGHT NOT.
THAT'S JUST...
THAT'S A RISK I'M
GONNA HAVE TO TAKE.
THEY'RE ALL ALONE.
Miss Fontaine:
HELP! IS ANYONE THERE?
-HUH?
-MISS FONTAINE!
SHE AND BLAIR
MUST BE OKAY.
MISS FONTAINE!
HEY, CAN YOU HEAR ME?
JADEN?
OH, THANK GOODNESS!
WE'RE OKAY FOR NOW,
BUT PEOPLE KEEP
BANGING ON THE DOOR.
PLEASE HURRY.
THEY'RE--
ARE YOU STILL THERE?
PLEASE COME IN.
MISS FONTAINE!
♪
HOW IS BLAIR?
WE HAVE THE MEDICINE!
WE'RE COMING
TO RESCUE YOU!
COME IN,
ANSWER ME!
ANSWER ME PLEASE!
♪
Miss Fontaine:
JADEN, I DON'T KNOW
HOW MUCH LONGER
I CAN KEEP
THEM OUT.
♪
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪♪